hello and welcome to my little gas house
this time we prepare assumption it's all
they are German shits on their upper
sausage kind for schnitzel we cut the
pork roast
it's actually a bank roast and I show
you how it's done and how to prepare
everything from the beginning right from
the scratch first we start with the
cutting like a sink you always cut
against a mid fiber so we one thumb size
we want to cut some
okay we have to pound the meat so it's
more tender and break the fibrous inside
for this way I use a pound hammer and
while this one is an old one it's a I
guess it's from my grandmother she
always used use it for working with the
pork there's a little trick going with
it not making it too big mess I cover
the meat with with the plastic foil and
to make sure it doesn't spit all over
the place
- and the little pepper
salt
you some
murdering orphan
father
first we need to prepare the tanks I add
about 2 tbsp of milk with the two eggs
so all
you
we already for
always you pleasure
oh boy
and you see that breadcrumbs are going a
little bit transmissions and so it means
that they're ready to turn over
you can see the liquid is also coming up
on this side so they're almost ready now
yeah
you